♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
- Tidy!
- Where could he be?
- I don't know.
- [Tidy] Oh, dear.
How about we stay
away from that pile, huh?
Looks like we found Tidy.
Yeah, but who's he talking to?
Okay.
Oh, boy-boy-boy-boy-boy.
I'm almost done
cleaning it all up... again!
So, how about you swim
over there, okay? Huh?
- Hi, Tidy!
- [yelps]
Oh! Splash, Bubbles.
Boy, am I glad to see you.
Is someone here, Tidy?
Uh, you could say that.
Well, who were you talking to,
Tidy?
Well, uh--
- Hello!
- [yelps]
Who is this little cutie?
This is my newest kelp-forest
neighbor, Tyke.
She's a harbor seal pup.
Yay! New friends!
Aw. [laughs]
- Whoa! [laughs]
- What is she doing?
Oh, she's nuzzling you
with her whiskers.
That's how she learns
about new things.
She's certainly very, uh...
friendly.
Okay, Tyke,
remember what Tidy said.
Not everyone likes
to be looked at so closely.
Aww! She's so cute!
Yeah.
Adorable.
Ooh, pretty colors!
Aw, thanks, pal-- whoa!
[laughing]
Aren't you
a fuzzy little fish.
What kind of a fish is she?
Actually,
she's not a fish at all.
She's a mammal.
She has fur.
She's warm-blooded,
and she breathes air.
Oh, I guess
that's why she went up
to the surface
to breathe air then.
Yep, she's here.
She's there.
She's kind of
all over the place.
Sounds fun!
You must love having her around,
right, Tidy?
Well, here's the thing.
I love having a new friend here,
but keeping things
neat and clean
around here is a bit harder.
[Chipper] At least now
you have an excuse
for that messy algae bed,
Tidy!
[growls]
Nobody asked for your opinion,
Chipper!
Thank you!
Oh, this seal pup
is hard to keep up with.
Because she's really fast?
Not exactly,
she moves quickly,
that's for sure,
but she's not exactly a--
- Tidy!
- Whoa!
[laughing]
Okay, okay.
That tickles, Tyke.
Now, remember
what Tidy asked you.
Not too close to the face.
Tidy likes his personal space.
Yay, personal space!
- [laughter]
- Whoa-ah-whoa!
Is she okay?
Should we go try to find her?
No, no.
She's perfectly fine.
Pacific harbor seal pups
are very independent.
Lots of harbor seals
come through the kelp forest,
but Tyke is the only one
who keeps coming back
day after day.
Huh.
I'm not really sure why.
I know why.
It's you, Tidy!
Yeah, she likes
spending time with you.
Aww. Well.
[giggles]
I suppose she is very playful.
But, well,
she sure can-
- Whee!
- [screams]
Oh, dear, Tyke!
Not my pebble pile!
[wailing]
Wow, looks like Tidy
needs our help.
- Yeah.
- [continues wailing]
Um, hmm.
[gasps]
Hey!
I have an idea!
Come on!
Hey, Tidy.
Um, Tyke likes to play, right?
- Oh, my, yes.
- How about we take Tyke
into another part of the kelp
forest to play for a while?
Yeah!
We'll be seal-sitters
for the day, eh?
Do you really think
you're up to it?
I mean,
Tyke is a real fin-full.
Seal pups are very curious
and full of energy.
Nah. No problem!
[both]
What could go wrong?
It all went wrong!
Oh, she's making a huge mess!
I'm making a huge mess!
[laughs]
I know!
Let's play a game!
[gasps] Perfect! Oh, um...
Oh, look! Hey, hey, Tyke!
Look what I found!
A perfect shell
for Shell Catcher.
You wanna play a game, Tyke?
Play a game!
Okay, you're gonna take
this shell over to that rock
before we tag you.
- Yeah!
- You got it?
Got it.
[both] Shell catcher,
shell catcher!
Tyke is the one!
Shell--
Did I win!
[both groaning]
[laughs]
Fun! What's next?
- Wait, what?
- What? What's next?
But we didn't even
finish Shell Catcher.
Hey, Tyke, guess what?
We have another game
we can play.
Huh? Yeah.
You wanna play--
Ah!
Oh, there you are.
Okay. [chuckles]
How about freeze tag?
Ooh!
I love freeze tag.
- Me too! Not it!
- Not it too! Did I win?
Wait, that's not
how you play the game.
That's not how you play!
- Fun!
- [both] Ahh!
What's next?
[sighs] Okay.
Let's try freeze tag again,
okay?
Now, Tyke, you stay frozen
when I tag you
until Splash unfreezes you.
- Yeah.
- You got it?
- Got it!
- Go!
Okay!
Careful, Tyke!
[laughs]
Watch out, Tyke!
Hmm.
Huh.
[laughs]
Way to go, Tyke, you did it!
Tag! You're frozen!
Wha-- oh, no!
She got me, Tyke!
Come unfreeze me.
Come unfreeze me,
Tyke!
- Where are you, Tyke?
- I think she's gone again.
[groans]
Oh, boy,
she's going through our games
faster than we can
think of new ones.
How are we going to
keep her busy all day?
Well, maybe Tidy
will know
what we can do with her.
Yeah, hey, great idea.
You swim back to ask Tidy,
and I'll keep Tyke busy.
- Okay!
- [laughs]
Ah, I tell ya,
a place for everything,
and everything in its place!
Aw, Tidy, old boy,
you've got it all figured out!
[gasps] Tidy?
Huh? Oh!
Hey, there, seal-sitter.
How's your day with Tyke?
Well, we tried
playing different games,
but every time
we start playing,
she swims off to check out
something else.
What are we doing wrong?
Wrong? [laughs]
Well, nothing.
Seal pups are just very curious.
If you want to keep her
attention,
just keep introducing her
to something new.
Ahh! Great idea, Tidy!
Thanks!
No problem.
[laughs]
Now, would you mind moving off
this section of the algae bed?
I, uh-- I just finished
cleaning it up.
Oh, oh, yeah, sure!
Bye, Tidy!
Bye, Bubbles!
[laughs]
I bet they're having
so much fun.
Splash, uh,
w-where's Tyke?
- Is she okay?
- Oh, yeah, yeah, she's fine.
She just went up to breathe,
and I'm just--
Oh, Tidy was right.
She is a fin-full!
Well, Tidy says
that seal pups are curious
and they get excited
about new things.
So we need to keep
showing her new things.
New things? [groans]
Oh, hey, I got an idea.
How about we do a treasure hunt
to find the perfect pebble
for finball!
[gasps]
Now you're talking!
Let's start switching up
the games!
- Bubbles!
- Whoa!
Ah, there you are, Tyke.
[laughs]
You want to help us out?
We need to find
the perfect pebble.
Perfect pebble?
Find a perfect pebble!
Perfect pebble!
No, this is too small.
Keep looking.
- Perfect pebble!
- Nope, too big.
- Um, that's a shell.
- [both chuckle]
- Oh, hey, uh, Tyke!
Oh. well, I guess--
I guess she lost interest again.
Yeah, maybe we should
take her back to Tidy's.
- Yeah.
- I mean, we don't have any--
Splash! Bubbles!
Perfect pebble!
[gasps]
Yeah!
That is the perfect pebble.
- Yeah!
- Aww! Way to go, Tyke!
Show Tidy?
Aww.
- Aww, I think she misses Tidy.
Well, maybe we should head
back to his place.
- Yeah.
- Yay! Tidy! Tidy! Tidy!
She likes that idea.
Let's go!
Finally, my algae bed
is nice and neat and--
- Tidy!
- [laughing]
Oh, Tyke, Tyke, Tyke,
wait one moment, please!
- Oh, no! [laughing]
- Aww.
Looks like
she missed you.
Yeah.
Well, I've missed her too.
And thank you both
for giving me a chance
to make everything
nice and clean again.
- Clean?
- Yes, of course, Tyke.
You know the rules.
In my kelp forest, we like
to keep it nice and clean!
Hit it!!
- [upbeat music]
- ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ This goes here,
that goes there ♪
♪ Don't put things
just anywhere ♪
♪ Move this out ♪
♪ Nudge that over
just a little bit ♪
♪ I like to see things
in their place ♪
♪ I'm working at a steady pace,
pick these up ♪
♪ Put those down,
oh, that's it ♪
- ♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
- ♪ You gotta remember to ♪
♪ Keep it clean,
keep it clean ♪
♪ Nice and lush,
blue and green ♪
♪ Keep each thing
where it belongs ♪
♪ You really can't go wrong ♪
♪ Don't you ever leave a mess ♪
♪ Always do your very best ♪
♪ To take care of our world ♪
♪ And keep it cle-e-an ♪
♪ I'll show you
how to do your duty ♪
- ♪ Duty ♪
- ♪ Keeping this ♪
♪ A place of beauty ♪
♪ This world has wonder
all around it ♪
♪ So when you leave ♪
♪ Please leave it
as you found it
♪ Keep it clean,
keep it clean ♪
♪ Nice and lush,
blue and green ♪
♪ Keep each thing
where it belongs ♪
♪ You really can't go wrong ♪
♪ Don't you ever leave a mess ♪
♪ Always do your very best ♪
♪ To take care of our world ♪
♪ And keep it cle-e-an ♪
Keep it clean, I'm begging you.
That's all I'm asking for.
- Pebble!
- Oh, uh, Tyke!
Where you going?
But, Tidy,
you've worked so hard
to clean up your red algae bed
while we were gone.
How are you gonna keep it clean
now that Tyke is back?
Well, I do love to clean,
so at least Tyke
gives me plenty to do.
[chuckles]
Uh, so, uh, Tyke, uh,
whatcha got there?
Perfect Pebble...
for Tidy.
Huh?
I keep it clean!
[shuddering happily]
Why, you sure did!
That's the perfect spot
for a perfect pebble.
Yay!
[laughs]
Yay is right.
[laughs] So, Tidy, what are you
gonna do with Tyke next?
Well, now that
I have my algae bed
perfectly clean--
[Chipper] Ha,
if you call that clean,
I'd hate to see
what you call messy!
[growls] Ooh!
I have just the idea of where
Tyke and I can visit next.
[laughs]
Come on, Tyke! See ya, kids!
- Thanks for your help!
- Aw, bye, Tidy!
- Bye, Tidy.
- [both] Bye, Tyke!
[laughs]
Keep it clean!
Huh, I wonder where
Tidy is taking Tyke now.
I don't know,
but he said he had
just the idea
of where to take her.
- [both chuckle]
- Yeah.
[Chipper] No, no, no!
Not my nice clean algae bed!
[laughter]
Oh, good luck, Chipper!
Good morning,
Reeftown residents!
It's going to be
a fin-tastic day!
Hey, Maury!
Denny!
Isn't it a glorious morning!
[mumbling]
Couldn't have said it better
myself!
[muffled] Yeah.
[chuckles]
Morning, Wave!
Keeping that traffic moving,
I hope!
[laughs]
You know it!
[Mayor Sting] Good morning,
Splash and Bubbles!
Good morning, Mayor Sting!
W-where are you?
- Oh! [laughs]
- Hi, Mayor!
Yeah, I didn't even know
you were there.
How did you see us?
Oh, it's just a little sense
we stingrays have.
I can always tell
where other creatures are.
It really helps
when patrolling the reef!
I bet!
You two have fun!
- We will! Thanks, Mayor Sting!
- Bye!
Well, if Mayor Sting says
that we need to have fun,
we definitely have to find
something fun to do.
I'm pretty sure that's a rule.
Yeah.
Well, let's play hide-and-seek!
Oh, that's a great idea!
- Yeah, let's--
- Hey, guys!
[both] Whoa!
Oops, sorry about that.
What're you guys up to?
We're gonna play hide-and-seek.
You want to join the fun?
Oh, thanks, but I don't think
I can play hide-and-seek.
Remember?
I have electroreception.
That means I can
sense where you are
even if I can't see you.
I don't know about that.
I'm pretty good
at hide-and-seek.
[both laugh]
Close your eyes.
Okay!
This is gonna be so good!
Okay, go for it, Bubbles!
All right.
Yeah.
[laughs]
Okay. Okay, Zee!
- Where is Bub--
- Behind the rock.
- What?!
- Huh?
Whoa.
And now
she's behind that rock,
and, Splash,
you're right next to me.
- What?!
[groans]
And now she's
right behind me.
- What?!
- [laughs]
Wow, Zee, that was incredible!
You're so lucky that you have
electroreception.
Yeah, I wish I could do that!
But that means
that I can't play any games
where I have to find you,
because I'd always know
where you were.
Yeah, I didn't really
think about that.
I love being a shark,
but it's not easy
feeling different from
everyone else on the reef.
Yeah.
When I first moved to Reeftown,
there weren't any
yellowback fusiliers around
to play with, and well,
I felt kinda different, too.
True, but still,
you were a fish like us.
I wish there was another shark
living on the reef.
- Oh, hi, Maury!
- What?!
Did you just say something
about another shark
coming to Reeftown?
What kind of shark is it?
A big shark?
- Should I spread the word?
- No, Maury.
Zee was just talking about
how she's the only shark here.
Yeah, and that there's
no one like her in Reeftown.
Oh, right, right, right, right.
I gotcha.
Of course, Zee is the only shark
in Reeftown, that's true.
Uh, although I did
hear something about
a distant relative around here
that's like her.
Wait, what?
But you just said
I was the only shark.
Oh, you are!
I don't have all the details,
but I'm sure that I heard
that Zee has another relative
on the reef.
So, uh, bye!
I have a distant relative
on the reef!
This is so exciting!
I wonder who it is.
It's like searching
for a long-lost cousin!
Or aunt or uncle!
The possibilities are endless!
Yeah, but, uh, well,
how do we find out who it is?
Well, any relative of mine
has to look like me, right?
Like how I have five gill slits
on each side.
One, two, three,
four, five!
Yep, that's how many
there are.
And don't forget my teeth.
[muffled] Not a lot of fish
have teeth like a shark.
- There's a lot in there.
- Yeah, that's true.
Um... [gasps]
Hey, I know someone
who has great teeth!
[gasps] Who?
Chompy!
- Hey, Chompy!
- Hi, Chompy!
Well, hey, y'all!
Come to see me
clean the algae from the coral?
Nope, we came out
so I can hang out
with my cousin.
- Yeah!
- [gasps] Cousin?
Yeah, you two have to be
cousins,
because you both have such
wonderful teeth!
Oh, my! I didn't know
I had a tooth cousin.
How exciting!
And I am very proud of my teeth,
and yours are amazing as well.
Ooh! This is gonna be
so much fun!
- You know it!
- Oh, well,
let's chomp
on some coral then!
Oh, um, okay...
[chomping and crunching]
Ooh! Ooh!
Ow! Ow!
Ooh, that coral is hard.
Ooh, ooh, wait, ooh.
I think I'm gonna lose
a tooth.
Ptewy!
What... just... happened...
to your wonderful tooth?
Oh, it's okay.
I always loose teeth.
But they get replaced
by new ones.
Don't you do that?
Oh, my, no!
That would be disastrous for me!
I don't know what I'd do
if I lost one of my teeth.
[whimpers]
Guys, I don't think my teeth
are the answer.
Yeah, well,
how about we look for someone
with special gills instead?
[gasps] Yeah!
And I know someone
who has really special gills.
Let's go see Gush!
Hmm.
Where could he be?
{Splash] Hmm, he's gotta be
around here somewhere.
Don't worry.
I know right where he is.
He's right between those rocks.
Uncle Gush!
Huh?
What? Uncle who?
Oh. [laughs]
Hi, kids.
Wait, did you just
call me "Uncle Gush"?
Yep We learned that Zee has
a distant relative on the reef.
And it must be you,
because of your gills!
Oh, and look!
Gush walks on his fins
just like Zee!
[laughs]
I knew it would be Gush!
I don't think that means
that Zee and I are related.
Really?
Are you sure?
Well, even mandarin dragonets
like you, Bubbles,
can walk on their fins.
[both gasp]
[both] Does that mean
we're fin-walking cousins?
[chuckles]
It takes more than fin walking
to make someone related.
- Oh.
Well, uh, what about
your special gills?
Oh, well,
my gills sure are special.
They give me
a great turbo boost!
There he goes!
Wow!
Ooh, let me try! [grunts]
Go turbos!
Go... turbos?
Oh, boy.
I don't think I have turbo boost
with my gills.
Well, I have it because it
helps me catch my food.
Of course,
that and my camouflage.
Which is very impressive.
Yeah, I mean,
we didn't even see you.
Zee was the one who found you.
Well, that's just because I
used my electroreception again.
[gasps]
That's right!
You can tell where creatures are
without seeing them.
Bubbles, I think I know exactly
who we should talk to.
Who?
Hello? Mayor Sting?
- Hello?
- Where is he?
Are you sure
he's around here, Zee?
Oh, he's close.
I can sense him!
Hey, kids!
- Mayor Sting!
- Hey, Mayor Sting!
How goes the day?
We're trying to find
Zee's distant relative!
Yeah, Maury said
I have a relative
right here in Reeftown,
but we haven't found him yet.
Well, don't give up.
You do have a distant relative
right here on the reef!
Who is it?
I can tell you you're
very close to finding out.
[gasps]
Mayor Sting,
you have a lot of gill slits.
Yep!
Five on each side.
Just like Zee.
Right, Zee?
Wait a minute.
Mayor Sting,
are you related to me?
Of course!
Stingrays and sharks
are related.
- Wow!
- Wait, wait, wait, wait!
But you look so different.
You don't have
to look the same to be related.
It's what's on the inside
that matters,
from the cartilage
in our bodies
to the five gill slits
on each side.
And here's another thing.
Stingrays have electroreception
that helps us know
where creatures are
without seeing them.
[gasps]
I thought I was the only one!
That is incredible!
Who knew stingrays
had electroreception?
Or that sharks and stingrays
were related!
[chorus] ♪ Ooh ooh,
ooh ooh ooh ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
♪ And all of the amazing
things you do ♪
- ♪ Yeah, I know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ You're different than me ♪
♪ The more I learn
who you are ♪
♪ The more I like what I see ♪
♪ There's so many things
about you ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
- ♪ When I met ya ♪
- ♪ I didn't get ya ♪
[both] ♪ I'd never seen anyone
like you before ♪
♪ So glad I took
another look ♪
♪ Every day I'm learni''
more and more ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
♪ And all the incredible
things you do ♪
- ♪ And you know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ I'm different than you ♪
♪ Day by day ♪
♪ You got to know me, too ♪
♪ I have a brand-new
point of view ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- [both] ♪ Yes, I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
♪ In so many ways,
we're different ♪
♪ In many, many ways,
we're not ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ I got to know you
little by little ♪
♪ And little by little,
I found I liked you a lot ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
[both] ♪ And all the amazing
things you do ♪
- ♪ Yeah, I know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ You're different than me ♪
♪ The more I learn
who you are ♪
♪ The more I like what I see ♪
♪ There's so many things
about you ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
[laughs]
It is so amazing
that sharks and stingrays
- have so much in common!
- Yeah!
I'm just so happy now to know
that there's someone like me
on Reeftown!
I hope this means you
won't feel different anymore.
You know what?
You guys have always
accepted me just the way I am.
It didn't matter
if I was different.
Well, of course!
You're our friend
no matter what.
So what do you want to do now?
You want to play a game?
Actually, I think I want to
spend the day with some family.
It's not every day you discover
you have an Uncle Mayor Sting.
[laughs]
Well, then come on!
Let's patrol
the reef together!
Oh, okay.
Bye, guys!
- Bye, Zee!
- Wait for me!
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪